chore(docs): add readme to jest-types (#12791)
facebook/jest: packages/jest-types/README.md

# @jest/types

This package contains shared types of Jest's packages.

> If you're a user of Jest and looking for types, you could import `@jest/globals`:
> 
> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for types of [Jest globals](https://jestjs.io/docs/api), you can import them from `@jest/globals` package:

```ts
```

# @jest/types

This package contains shared types of Jest's packages.

> If you're a user of Jest and looking for types, you're probably looking for [@types/jest](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/jest).

Reviewer: Thanks. I think it would be better to suggested importing from `@jest/globals`. This is Jest's own package. Hence imported types will be always up to date and in better shape than the ones from `@types/jest`.

Author: Sorry I haven't used `@jest/globals` before. Does this mean people need to explicitly import `describe` and the likes?

Like so:

```typescript
import { describe, it, expect } from '@jest/globals';

describe('my tests', () => {
  it('works', () => {
    expect(1).toBe(1);
  });
});
```

I personally prefer `@types/jest`, because it means quite a bit less importing. So perhaps just mention it like @SimenB  suggested?

If you want me to remove the link to `@types/jest`, I'd be happy to do that though :) let me know

Reviewer 2: We should mention both, but mention `@jest/globals` first as that's the thing that's maintained in this repo

Reviewer: A agreed. Both can be mentioned, of course

Author: updated :)
